001. Life is about making an impact, not making an income. –Kevin Kruse
002. Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill
003. Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. –Albert Einstein
004. Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.  –Robert Frost
005. I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. –Florence Nightingale
006. You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. –Wayne Gretzky
007. I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. –Michael Jordan
008. The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. –Amelia Earhart
009. Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. –Babe Ruth
010. Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. –W. Clement Stone
011. Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. –Kevin Kruse
012. Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. –John Lennon
013. We become what we think about. –Earl Nightingale
014. Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. –Mark Twain
015. Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. –Charles Swindoll
016. The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. –Alice Walker
017. The mind is everything. What you think you become.  –Buddha
018. The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. –Chinese Proverb
019. An unexamined life is not worth living. –Socrates
020. Eighty percent of success is showing up. –Woody Allen
021. Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. –Steve Jobs
022. Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. –Vince Lombardi
023. I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. –Stephen Covey
024. Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. –Pablo Picasso
025. You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. –Christopher Columbus
026. I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. –Maya Angelou
027. Either you run the day, or the day runs you. –Jim Rohn
028. Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. –Henry Ford
029. The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. –Mark Twain
030. Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. –Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
031. The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra
032. People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily. –Zig Ziglar
033. Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. –Anais Nin
034. If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. –Vincent Van Gogh
035. There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. –Aristotle
036. Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you. –Jesus
037. The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. –Ralph Waldo Emerson
038. Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined. –Henry David Thoreau
039. When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. –Erma Bombeck
040. Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.  –Booker T. Washington
041. Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. – Ancient Indian Proverb
042. Believe you can and you’re halfway there. –Theodore Roosevelt
043. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair
044. We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. –Plato
045. Teach thy tongue to say, "I do not know," and thous shalt progress. –Maimonides
046. Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can. –Arthur Ashe
047. When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life. –John Lennon
048. Fall seven times and stand up eight. –Japanese Proverb
049. When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. –Helen Keller
050. Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. –Confucius
051. How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. –Anne Frank
052. When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. –Lao Tzu
053. Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. –Maya Angelou
054. Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions. –Dalai Lama
055. If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on. –Sheryl Sandberg
056. First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. –Aristotle
057. If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. –Latin Proverb
058. You can’t fall if you don’t climb.  But there’s no joy in living your whole life on the ground. –Unknown
059. We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. –Marie Curie
060. Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. –Les Brown
061. Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. –Joshua J. Marine
062. If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. –Booker T. Washington
063. I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. –Leonardo da Vinci
064. Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. –Jamie Paolinetti
065. You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame. –Erica Jong
066. What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. –Bob Dylan
067. I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. –Benjamin Franklin
068. In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. –Bill Cosby
069. A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. – Albert Einstein
070. The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. –Chinese Proverb
071. There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. –Roger Staubach
072. It is never too late to be what you might have been. –George Eliot
073. You become what you believe. –Oprah Winfrey
074. I would rather die of passion than of boredom. –Vincent van Gogh
075. A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. –Unknown
076. It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings.  –Ann Landers
077. If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money. –Abigail Van Buren
078. Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. –Farrah Gray
079. The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself--the invisible battles inside all of us--that's where it's at. –Jesse Owens
080. Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance. –Sir Claus Moser
081. I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. –Rosa Parks
082. It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. –Confucius
083. If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. –Oprah Winfrey
084. Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. –Dalai Lama
085. You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have. –Maya Angelou
086. Dream big and dare to fail. –Norman Vaughan
087. Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. –Martin Luther King Jr.
088. Do what you can, where you are, with what you have. –Teddy Roosevelt
089. If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. –Tony Robbins
090. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. –Gloria Steinem
091. It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. –Mae Jemison
092. You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. –Beverly Sills
093. Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. –Eleanor Roosevelt
094. Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. –Grandma Moses
095. The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. –Ayn Rand
096. When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. –Henry Ford
097. It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. –Abraham Lincoln
098. Change your thoughts and you change your world. –Norman Vincent Peale
099. Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. –Benjamin Franklin
100. Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!” –Audrey Hepburn
101. The only way to do great work is to love what you do. –Steve Jobs
102. If you can dream it, you can achieve it. –Zig Ziglar
103. “The purpose of our lives is to be happy.” –Dalai Lama
104. “Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.” –John Lennon
105. “Get busy living or get busy dying.” –Stephen King
106. “You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” –Mae West
107. “Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.”–Thomas A. Edison
108. “If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.”–Albert Einstein
109. “Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.”–Babe Ruth
110. “Money and success don’t change people; they merely amplify what is already there.” –Will Smith
111. “Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma –which is living with the results of other people’s thinking.” –Steve Jobs
112. “Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.” –Seneca
113. “If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.” –Eleanor Roosevelt
114. “The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do, and then do it.”–Henry Ford
115. “In order to write about life first you must live it.”–Ernest Hemingway
116. “The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything.”–Frank Sinatra
117. “Sing like no one’s listening, love like you’ve never been hurt, dance like nobody’s watching, and live like it’s heaven on earth.” –Attributed
118. “Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people.” –Leo Burnett
119. “Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.”–Soren Kierkegaard
120. “The unexamined life is not worth living.” –Socrates
121. “Turn your wounds into wisdom.” –Oprah Winfrey
122. “The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.” –Dolly Parton
123. “Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as you can.” –Hillary Clinton
124. “Don’t settle for what life gives you; make life better and build something.” –Ashton Kutcher
125. “Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it’ll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off.” –Kevin Hart
126. “Everything negative –pressure, challenges –is all an opportunity for me to rise.” –Kobe Bryant
127. “I like criticism. It makes you strong.” –LeBron James
128. “You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak.” –George Clooney
129. “Life imposes things on you that you can’t control, but you still have the choice of how you’re going to live through this.” –Celine Dion
130. “Life is never easy. There is work to be done and obligations to be met –obligations to truth, to justice, and to liberty.” –John F. Kennedy
131. “Live for each second without hesitation.” –Elton John
132. “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” –Albert Einstein
133. “Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated.” –Confucius
134. “Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.” –Helen Keller
135. “Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.” –Steve Jobs
136. “My mama always said, life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you’re gonna get.” –Forrest Gump
137. “Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.”–Lao–Tze
138. “When we do the best we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life or the life of another.” –Helen Keller
139. “The healthiest response to life is joy.” –Deepak Chopra
140. “Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.” –Lillian Dickson
141. “The best portion of a good man’s life is his little nameless, unencumbered acts of kindness and of love.” –Wordsworth
142. “In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on.” –Robert Frost
143. “Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.” –Charles Swindoll
144. “Keep calm and carry on.” –Winston Churchill
145. “Maybe that’s what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars.” –Jack Kerouac
146. “Life is a flower of which love is the honey.” –Victor Hugo
147. “Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about.” –Marilyn Monroe
148. “Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.” –Buddha
149. “You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.” –Dr. Seuss
150. “Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.” –Mark Twain
151. “Life would be tragic if it weren’t funny.” –Stephen Hawking
152. “Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.” –Ralph Waldo Emerson
153. “The greatest pleasure of life is love.” –Euripides
154. “Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.” –Grandma Moses
155. “Life’s tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late.” –Benjamin Franklin
156. “Life is about making an impact, not making an income.” –Kevin Kruse
157. “I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” –Michael Jordan
158. “Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” –Babe Ruth
159. “The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.” –Mark Twain
160. “Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.” –Anais Nin
161. “When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.” –John Lennon
162. “Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” –Les Brown
163. “I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don’t intend to waste any of mine.” –Neil Armstrong
164. “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” –Mahatma Gandhi
165. “If you live long enough, you’ll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you’ll be a better person.” –Bill Clinton
166. “Life is short, and it is here to be lived.” –Kate Winslet
167. “The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes.” –Frank Lloyd Wright
168. “Every moment is a fresh beginning.” –T.S. Eliot
169. “When you cease to dream you cease to live.” –Malcolm Forbes
170. “If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you’ll never enjoy the sunshine.” –Morris West
171. “Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.” –Dr. Seuss
172. “If you can do what you do best and be happy, you’re further along in life than most people.” –Leonardo DiCaprio
173. “We should remember that just as a positive outlook on life can promote good health, so can everyday acts of kindness.” –Hillary Clinton
174. “Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.” –Mary Kay Ash
175. “It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” –J. K. Rowling
176. “If you’re not stubborn, you’ll give up on experiments too soon. And if you’re not flexible, you’ll pound your head against the wall and you won’t see a different solution to a problem you’re trying to solve.” –Jeff Bezos
177. “The best way to predict your future is to create it.” –Abraham Lincoln
178. “You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.” –Michael Jordan
179. “Identity is a prison you can never escape, but the way to redeem your past is not to run from it, but to try to understand it, and use it as a foundation to grow.” –Jay–Z
180. “There are no mistakes, only opportunities.” –Tina Fey
181. “It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you’ll do things differently.” –Warren Buffett
182. “As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.” –Audrey Hepburn
183. “Sometimes you can’t see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.” –Ellen DeGeneres
184. “You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.” –Mahatma Gandhi
185. “All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.” –Ralph Waldo Emerson
186. “Here’s to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes … the ones who see things differently –they’re not fond of rules … You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them, but the only thing you can’t do is ignore them because they change things … They push the human race forward, and while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius …” –Steve Jobs
187. “It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.” –Leonardo Da Vinci
188. “Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.” –Will Smith
189. “Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.”–Buddha
190. “Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.” –Sholom Aleichem
191. “If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of.” –Bruce Lee
192. When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us. –Alexander Graham Bell
193. “Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.” –Anonymous
194. “Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.” –Omar Khayyam
195. “Happiness is the feeling that power increases –that resistance is being overcome.” –Friedrich Nietzsche
196. “I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than in attempting to satisfy them.” –John Stuart Mill
197. “The secret of happiness, you see is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less.”–Socrates
198. “The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.” –Confucius
199. “The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.”–Seneca
200. “Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.” –Henry David Thoreau
201. “When it is obvious that goals can’t be reached, don’t adjust the goals, but adjust the action steps.” –Confucius
202. “There may be people who have more talent than you, but there’s no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do –and I believe that.” –Derek Jeter
203. “Don’t be afraid to fail. It’s not the end of the world, and in many ways, it’s the first step toward learning something and getting better at it.” –Jon Hamm
204. “Life is very interesting… in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths.” –Drew Barrymore
205. “I think if you live in a black–and–white world, you’re gonna suffer a lot. I used to be like that. But I don’t believe that anymore.” –Bradley Cooper
206. “I don’t believe in happy endings, but I do believe in happy travels, because ultimately, you die at a very young age, or you live long enough to watch your friends die. It’s a mean thing, life.” –George Clooney
207. “It’s never too late –never too late to start over, never too late to be happy.” –Jane Fonda
208. “You’re only human. You live once and life is wonderful, so eat the damned red velvet cupcake.” –Emma Stone
209. “A lot of people give up just before they’re about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.” –Chuck Norris
210. “Be nice to people on the way up, because you may meet them on the way down.” –Jimmy Durante
211. “I believe you make your day. You make your life. So much of it is all perception, and this is the form that I built for myself. I have to accept it and work within those compounds, and it’s up to me.” –Brad Pitt
212. “The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead.” –Jack Nicholson
213. “Life’s tough, but it’s tougher when you’re stupid.” –John Wayne
214. “Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life –think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.” –Swami Vivekananda
215. “I guess it comes down to a simple choice, really. Get busy living or get busy dying.” –Shawshank Redemption
216. “When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” – Paulo Coelho
217. “There are three things you can do with your life: You can waste it, you can spend it, or you can invest it. The best use of your life is to invest it in something that will last longer than your time on Earth.” –Rick Warren
218. “You only pass through this life once, you don’t come back for an encore.” –Elvis Presley
219. “In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.” –Anne Frank
220. “You’re not defined by your past; you’re prepared by it. You’re stronger, more experienced, and you have greater confidence.” –Joel Osteen
221. “We become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.” –Jimmy Carter
222. “Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart.” –Seneca
223. “Once you figure out who you are and what you love about yourself, I think it all kinda falls into place.” –Jennifer Aniston
224. “Happy is the man who can make a living by his hobby.” –George Bernard Shaw
225. “Just disconnect. Once in a day sometime, sit silently and from all connections disconnect yourself.” –Yoda
226. “Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life.” –Buddha
227. “Living an experience, a particular fate, is accepting it fully.” –Albert Camus
228. “The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.” –Oprah Winfrey
229. “Your image isn’t your character. Character is what you are as a person.” –Derek Jeter
230. “Football is like life, it requires perseverance, self–denial, hard work sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.” –Vince Lombardi
231. “As you know, life is an echo; we get what we give.” –David DeNotaris
232. “There are no regrets in life, just lessons.” –Jennifer Aniston
233. “I believe that nothing in life is unimportant every moment can be a beginning.” –John McLeod
234. “Find people who will make you better.” –Michelle Obama
235. “As my knowledge of things grew I felt more and more the delight of the world I was in.” –Helen Keller
236. “Benjamin Franklin was a humanitarian that dedicated his life to making contributions to all humans. He had a clear purpose for himself: improve the human race.” –Paulo Braga
237. “You cannot control everything that happens to you; you can only control the way you respond to what happens. In your response is your power.” –Anonymous
238. “Don’t allow your past or present condition to control you. It’s just a process that you’re going through to get you to the next level.” –T.D. Jakes
239. “You will meet two kinds of people in life: ones who build you up and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you’ll thank them both.” –Anonymous
240. “My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.” –Maya Angelou
241. “If we don’t change, we don’t grow. If we don’t grow, we aren’t really living.” –Gail Sheehy
242. “You choose the life you live. If you don’t like it, it’s on you to change it because no one else is going to do it for you.” –Kim Kiyosaki
243. “It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously, that you might as well not have lived at all –in which case you fail by default.” –Anonymous
244. “Life doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best.” –H. Jackson Brown Jr.
245. “The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don’t always soften the bad things, but vice versa, the bad things don’t always spoil the good things and make them unimportant.” –Doctor Who
246. “Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning to dance in the rain.” –Vivian Greene
247. “I enjoy life when things are happening. I don’t care if it’s good things or bad things. That means you’re alive.” –Joan Rivers
248. “There’s more to life than basketball. The most important thing is your family and taking care of each other and loving each other no matter what.” –Stephen Curry
249. “Today, you have 100% of your life left.” –Tom Landry
250. “Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.” –George Halas
251. “Make each day your masterpiece.” –John Wooden
252. “You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.” –Michael Phelps
253. “The final forming of a person’s character lies in their own hands.” –Anne Frank
254. “We meet no ordinary people in our lives.” –C.S. Lewis
255. “The last of human freedoms—the ability to choose one’s attitude in a given set of circumstances.” –Viktor E. Frankl
256. “The soul is stronger than its surroundings.” –William James
257. “Know yourself.” –Greek Proverb
258. “I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don’t intend to waste any of mine.” –Neil Armstrong
259. “We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” –Aristotle
260. “Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.” –Eleanor Roosevelt
261. “To be awake is to be alive.” –Henry David Thoreau
262. “The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.” –Plutarch
263. “History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.” –Winston Churchill
264. “There is nothing brilliant nor outstanding in my record, except perhaps this one thing: I do the things that I believe ought to be done… And when I wake up my mind to do a thing, I act.” –Theodore Roosevelt
265. “Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.” –Thomas A. Edison
266. “Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of man’s desire to understand.” –Neil Armstrong
267. “If you want to be happy, be.” –Leo Tolstoy
268. “If we all did the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.” –Thomas Edison
269. “Optimism is true moral courage.” –Ernest Shackleton
270. “Friends are as companions on a journey, who ought to aid each other to persevere in the road to a happier life.” –Pythagoras
271. “The soul is stronger than its surroundings.” –William James
272. “So much of our time is spent in preparation, so much in routine and so much in retrospect, that the amount of each person’s genius is confined to a very few hours.” –Ralph Waldo Emerson
273. “The secret to life is meaningless unless you discover it yourself.” –W. Somerset Maugham
274. “Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.” –Viktor E. Frankl
275. “We build too many walls and not enough bridges.” –Isaac Newton
276. “It’s the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.” –John Wooden
277. “Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.” –Thomas A. Edison
278. “If we all did the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.” –Thomas Edison
279. “Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.” –T. S. Eliot
280. “He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.” –Friedrich Nietzsche
281. “The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.” –Helen Keller
282. “My thoughts disentangle themselves as they pass through my lips and fingertips.” –Dawson Trotman
283. “It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.” –Leonardo da Vinci
284. “Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.” –Alexander Graham Bell
285. “What do I mean by concentration? I mean focusing totally on the business at hand and commanding your body to do exactly what you want it to do.” –Arnold Palmer
286. “I was raised to face any challenge.”  –Louis Zamperini
287. “Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.” –Billy Graham
288. “If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.” –Thomas J. Watson
289. “Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.” –Amelia Earhart
290. “He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.” –Friedrich Nietzsche
291. “The last of human freedoms—the ability to choose one’s attitude in a given set of circumstances.” –Viktor E. Frankl
292. “When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.” –George Washington Carver
293. “It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” –Aristotle
294. “You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.” –Aristotle
295. “History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.” –Winston Churchill
296. “Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of man’s desire to understand.” –Neil Armstrong
297. “A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.” –Mahatma Gandhi
298. “Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal.” –Martin Luther King, Jr.
299. “The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.” –William James
300. “God allows us to experience the low points of life in order to teach us lessons that we could learn in no other way.” –C.S. Lewis
301. “Peace begins with a smile.” –Mother Teresa
302. “From caring comes courage.” –Lao Tzu
303. “I am still learning.” –Michelangelo
304. “Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.” –Albert Einstein
305. “Learning never exhausts the mind.” –Leonardo da Vinci
306. “Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.” –Billy Graham
307. “Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.” –Albert Einstein
308. “Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” –John Wayne
309. “I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.” –Pablo Picasso
310. “A man only learns in two ways, one by reading, and the other by association with smarter people.” –Will Rogers
311. “I really like reading books.” –Dale Carnegie
312. “Think, think, think.”  –A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
313. “Change happens in an instant. It happens the moment you DECIDE to change.” – Allyson Lewis
314. Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places. – Unknown
315. You are afraid to die, and you’re afraid to live. What a way to exist. – Neale Donald Walsch
316. People know you for what you’ve done, not for what you plan to do.  – Unknown
317. The greatest oak was once a little nut, who held its ground.  – Unknown
318. Stars can’t shine without darkness. – Unknown
319. Never sacrifice who you are, just because someone has a problem with it. – Unknown
320. Sometimes the poorest man leaves his children the richest inheritance. – Ruth E. Renkel
321. Anything is possible. You can be told that you have a 90-percent chance or a 50-percent chance or a 1-percent chance, but you have to believe, and you have to fight.  – Lance Armstrong
322. If you want results, then work like you want them. – Unknown
323. Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.  – Charles F. Kettering
324. Today is the most important day of your life, today is the only important day, there are 86 400 seconds in the day. Make them count! – Unknown
325. It’s human nature to start taking things for granted again when danger isn’t banging loudly on the door. – David Hackworth
326. You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. – Walt Disney
327. Push through the pain, and conquer the obstacles. Regardless of what you think today, it wont matter 5 years from now. SO DON’T BE AFRAID! – Unknown
328. Even the greatest was once a beginner. Don’t be afraid to take that first step. – Unknown
329. NO EXCUSES: 99% of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses. – Unknown
